For my BFA project, I want to make it both experimental and meaningful. I always have passion in video-making, but meanwhile I think the ways it can be displayed in a gallery are too limited. Thus, I attempt to try hologram this time. The piece will be called Sanctuary. 

I will use iPad as a display screen, and create a box according to the size of the iPad. The screen will be put on the top (facing downward), a thin film of glass will be inserted into the box at a 45 degree angle, under the display screen. The glass will help to create an illusion of hologram, of what is playing on the display screen. For the video, I will use myself as a model, and use After Effect to cut out from green screen to create a video narrative. When enter the gallery, viewers will find a small room like structure (which made out of the box), when they walk close they will find a “window” of the box. That’s exactly where their eyes supposed to go. Looking through the window, the viewers will see a room scene inside the box, and a hologram of a girl who's walking around purposely in the room and humming random song again and again. She will repeatedly doing the same thing over and over again, sometimes she will break down and cry, sometimes she will recover from that and like nothing happened. The whole scene will look peaceful and normal, but under the layer the viewers will also find it causing anxiousness, depression, and perhaps, claustrophobia. To achieve such a result, it need to be displayed in a dark environment. 

My thesis will focus on trauma and its aftermath. Recently, I have an opportunity to be a long term Mandarin-interpreter for a victim of human-trafficking in a therapy room. There I had a lot of new perspectives about trauma. Plus my own trauma I’ve experienced, and many other people around me, this topic really interest me deeply in both psychological and philosophical way. People always think trauma is something we can eventually get over with, but in fact it became our roots somehow. I want to show how the aftermath could continue influencing their lives little by little. I will title the piece Sanctuary (maybe with an invisible question mark), showing how we’ve been looking for sanctuary all our lives. 
